INTRO

This is a project to define a standard for snow reports or ski conditions
data, and build some supporting applications and materials.  


DESCRIPTION 

Every ski resort has a conditions page, and they all have the
same data on them, but each one has it's own unique HTML markup that is not
easy for developers to use.  The resorts want this data out there, but not
in a developer-friendly format.
  
RSS seems like an obvious choice for publishing periodocally updated data on
the web.  Thewre are lots of good tools for working with RSS in various
languages, and most developers have worked with it before.  But it turns out
to be an uncomfortable fit of shoe-horning runs, lifts and weather into a
format designed for articles.

Fortunately, included in the RSS v2 spec was a way to extend it to include
data beyond the basic format.  BlogChannel from the RSS inventor, iTunes
podcasts through Apple, Yahoo's popular media extensions, Digg's (defunct?)
feed, and many, others have taken advantage of name spaces to extend RSS. 

On this project we will define an RSS v2 extension/namespace to accomodate
ski resort snow resports data.  


TODO

In the short time we have, I would like to accomplish as many of the
following as possible:

  Define the namespace - Could use help from anyone with XML or
    standards-writing experience, or any extra eyes really.

  Create sample RSS documents - Create a couple example resorts and phoney
    RSS documents for their conditions.  

  Write documentation of each tag - Anyone could help with the

  Create a Logo or Badge in the style of the RSS button, so resorts can tag
    their conditions pages

  Create an xmlns page - Just some HTML with the documentation, example and
    logo.

  Create a PHP class for resorts to use to help publish their conditions.  

  Create example apps to consume the conditions feeds, such as:

    - A conditions aggregator web site
    - A conditions phone app
    - A snow report, weather, road conditions mashup
    - Fresh powder alerts by SMS

Coders, web/graphic designers, writers, etc welcome to help.  

